Added an item with github source authentication to the dotnet CLI in the instructions for GitHub Packages (#33314)
github/docs: content/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-nuget-registry.md

   dotnet pack --configuration Release
   ```

> 1. Authentificate GitHub Packages with the `dotnet` command-line interface (CLI). Replace `OWNER` with your username or company name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Authenticate to GitHub Packages with the `dotnet` command-line interface (CLI). Replace `OWNER` with your username or company name, and `YOUR_GITHUB_PAT` with your personal access token.
```
